
"There is one more hope, hope never dies."
"Get busy living, or get busy dying."
"Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer."
"Why so serious?"
"It's not easy to raise my hand and send a boy off to die without talking about it first."
"I could have got more out. I could have got more. I don't know if I just didn't want it enough..."
"A day may come when the courage of men fails, when we forsake our friends and break all bonds of fellowship, but it is not this day."
"Ezekiel 25:17."
"When you have to shoot, shoot. Don't talk."
"The first rule of Fight Club is: You do not talk about Fight Club."
"All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us."
"Life is like a box of chocolates; you never know what you're gonna get."
"No, I am your father."
"What's the most resilient parasite? An idea. A single idea from the human mind can build cities. An idea can transform the world and rewrite all the rules."
"The battle for Helm's Deep is over. The battle for Middle-earth is about to begin."
"But I tried, didn't I? Goddamnit, at least I did that."
"As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster."
"Welcome to the real world."
"Life is priceless."
"The runts will take over the world!"
"What's in the box?"
"I am your father."
"Hello, Clarice."
"Every time a bell rings, an angel gets his wings."
"This is a game, a competition! We have to win!"
"The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist."
"Senpai, ki ni narimasu"
"Earn this."
"Mathilda, Leon loves Mathilda."
"With great power comes great responsibility."
"I'm tired, boss. Tired of bein' on the road, lonely as a sparrow in the rain….Can you understand?"
"We used to look up at the sky and wonder at our place in the stars. Now we just look down, and worry about our place in the dirt."
"A boy's best friend is his mother."
"Hate is baggage. Life's too short to be pissed off all the time. It's just not worth it."
"You can see now?"
"Harmonica, a man like you should be playing on a much larger stage."
"Here's looking at you, kid."
"Smile, though your heart is aching. Smile, even though it's breaking."
"I don't know how to thank you."
"The only disability in life is a bad attitude."
"I'm the guy who does his job. You must be the other guy."
"I'll be back."
"Great Scott!"
"Not quite my tempo."
"I'd say that's a 20th Century Fox blonde. The 'do' and the voice."
"Snakes. Why did it have to be snakes?"
"Oh yes, the past can hurt. But the way I see it, you can either run from it or learn from it."
"Are you not entertained?"
"Are you watching closely?"
"I love the smell of napalm in the morning."
"I have to believe in a world outside my own mind."
"In space, no one can hear you scream."
"Look up, Hannah. The clouds are lifting. "
"I was seeing you...just you."
"Grave of the Fireflies"
"I am inevitable."
"I am big. It's the pictures that got small."
"Weitermachen."
"Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the War Room!"
"If those little sweethearts won't face German bullets, they'll face French ones!"
"Here's Johnny!"
"The D is silent."
"Eee-va."
"There is no world that only two children can see."
"And the witness may now be excused."
"I guess I could be pretty pissed off about what happened to me, but it's hard to stay mad when there's so much beauty in the world."
"Oh, you think darkness is your ally. But you merely adopted the dark; I was born in it, molded by it."
"Even though I'm no more than a monster, don't I, too, have the right to live?"
"Get away from her, you bitch!"
"Yesterday, it was my birthday. I was 9 years old. And I got my birthday present. I'll never forget that day. It was beautiful."
"Remember me, though I have to say goodbye."
"One more time, shut up!"
"Rosebud."
"They may take our lives, but they'll never take our freedom!"
"There's an old saying: 'Once you have tasted flight, you will forever walk the earth with your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you will always long to return.'"
"Listen, I don't know what you're talking about, but I'm not Spy!"
"Are you gonna bark all day, little doggy, or are you gonna bite?"
"I am a Jedi, like my father before me."
"Long live chaos! Long live crime! Long live the murderer!"
"Your name."
"Mediocrity everywhere... I forgive you."
"I'm gonna be on television!"
"Gold toh gold hota hai, chhora laave ya chhori."
"Every child is special."
"No prisoners! No prisoners!"
"Meet me in Montauk."
"I'm singing in the rain, just singing in the rain."
"All is well."
"I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."
"Times are hard for dreamers."
"To infinity and beyond!"
"I love you too, baby."
"You talkin' to me?"
"Singin' in the rain, just singin' in the rain."
"That's a bingo!"
"I am Gunnery Sergeant Hartman, your senior drill instructor."
"You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view... Until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it."
"Why should I kill myself worrying when I'll end up just as dead?"
"Smile"
"You're a con man, and you'll always be a con man. All I did was offer you a shortcut."
"It's not your fault."
"Reach for the sky!"
"The world is full of evil but if we hold on to each other, it goes away."
"Do you like dags?"
"Say hello to my little friend!"
"'Tis but a scratch!"
"It's the time you've wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important."
"Rollo Tomasi."
"Shut up and deal."
"The mediator between the head and the hands must be the heart."
"Nader, don't step on here."
"You chose... poorly."
"I don't understand. I don't understand. I don't understand human beings."
"Adventure is out there!"
"Fasten your seatbelts. It's going to be a bumpy night."
"It's not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me."
 "I won't do something impossible."
"Well, nobody's perfect."
"It's a hell of a thing, killing a man. You take away all he's got, and all he's ever gonna have."
"I want to stay here with my people."
"Yippee-ki-yay, motherf***er!"
"Badges? We ain't got no badges! We don't need no badges! I don't have to show you any stinking badges!"
"I'm talking to an empty telephone, cause there is a dead man on the other end of this f***ing line."
"Kanji, kanji, kanji."
"You are the only person who can give her peace."
"You never got me down, Ray. You hear me? You never got me down."
"I speak German... no, I don't speak German."
"God bless us... God bless us..."
"When the pain is too great, it's quiet."
"Darling, remember, everyone dies... But not everyone really lives."
"Forget it, Jake. It's Chinatown."
"In Switzerland, they had brotherly love, five hundred years of democracy and peace. And what did that produce? The cuckoo clock."
"I'm just a musical prostitute, my dear."
"Totoro, Totoro, Totoro!"
"We live in a very complex world. Everyone needs a little more understanding."
"If you want to see if a man is okay, give him strength."
"The purpose of this trial is to be human."
"El Secreto de Sus Ojos"
"Oona! You dance divinely. I've never seen anything like it!"
"Madness! Madness!"
"Nash, some of us have great stories, pretty stories that take place at lakes with boats and friends and noodle salad. "
"It's been emotional."
"I'm seeing you right now. I'm seeing you... right... now... in front of me."
"Anger begets greater anger."
"I coulda been a contender."
"I'm playing chess with death."
"Hey, look! We're all gonna get to the train of thought!"
"I am not an animal! I am a human being!"
"Ma, I'm scared." "Of what?" "The world."
"I'm not fucking leaving!"
"I'm going to stay right here and fight for this lost cause."
"Remember, remember, the 5th of November."
"Family is not a word... It's a sentence."
"I've seen things you people wouldn't believe.."
"I have the power to give you life or take it away, just as I can with anyone."
"I don't want to look up anymore. I don't want to look down. I just want to look at things close up
"I can't fight anymore. I'm not fit to be a soldier. I guess I ain't nothin' but a damn coward."
"What's the most you ever lost on a coin toss?"
"But why would I want to do a thing like that? I chose not to choose life: I chose something else."
"I drink your milkshake!"
"I see dead people."
"Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn."
"I know I'm human. And if you were all these things, then you'd just attack me right now, so some of you are still human... And then it's won."
"Okay, then!"
"Yes, they're great, or what?"
"I'm Spartacus!"
"The Deer Hunter" filminin en çok bilinen repliği şudur: "This is this. This ain't something else. This is this."
"Just keep swimming."
"Come and See"
"The Dude abides."
"Which would be worse: to live as a monster or to die as a good man?"
"All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman, and a pretty girl."
"The price you pay for bringing up either my Chinese or American heritage as a negative is... I collect your fucking head."
"What we've got here is failure to communicate."
"Last night, I dreamt I went to Manderley again."
"Isn't life disappointing?"
"Sometimes, I wish I could put myself inside your body for five minutes and be you, tasting the chocolate."
"Just give me one more."
"What are you thinking? How are you feeling? What have we done to each other? What will we do?"
"Thank you for nothing, you useless reptile."
"This is a wonderful night. Almost a dream. It's almost a dream. It's so still. So lovely."
"We either die in the cold or wait until lightning strikes."
"Life finds a way."
"Happiness only real when shared."
"He's not the Messiah, he's a very naughty boy!"
I'm an innocent man. I spent 15 years in prison for something I didn't do... I want my rights.'"
"Good morning, and in case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and good night!"
"Keep your hands off my lobby boy!
"I think now, looking back, we did not fight the enemy; we fought ourselves. And the enemy was in us."
"I never had any friends later on like the ones I had when I was twelve. Jesus, does anyone?"
"Hey, I'll tell you what. I'll take you to New York, and I'll stand on the street corner and scream it at the top of my lungs. I love you!"
"Happy birthday, Deniz. I love you."
"I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore!"
"Come out, come out, wherever you are."
"I am one thing, my dear. An actress. Not a human being."
"I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry to all the victims. I'm sorry to all the families. I'm sorry. I'm sorry."
"Where are you going?" "To seek vengeance!"
"Sometimes, the world doesn't make sense. But you have to keep going anyway."
" I will survive! I will not fall into despair! I will keep myself hardy until freedom is opportune!"
"Earn it"
"I am not afraid... I was born to do this."
"Great men are not born great, they grow great."
"Art is power!"
"Down these mean streets a man must go who is not himself mean, who is neither tarnished nor afraid."
"Celine: You know what drives me crazy? "
"Witness me!"
"I don't like school, and they don't like me."
"Pray for the best, but prepare for the worst."
"Sometimes, a dog's just gotta do what a dog's gotta do."
"If it takes a village to raise a child, it takes a village to abuse one."
"Nature made me a freak. Man made me a weapon. And God made it last too long."
"All of life is an act. Sometimes we take up roles, and sometimes roles are thrust upon us."
"What we need to do is learn to live with the love we feel for each other, that's what's important, not houses, or cars, or chains of gold."
"Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die."
"Two little mice fell in a bucket of cream."
"Forgive them!"
"Always."
"Etta Place: Do you know what you're doing? Butch Cassidy: Theoretically."
"Yo, Adrian! I did it!"
"My mind rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse cryptogram, or the most intricate analysis, and I am in my own proper atmosphere."
"Mike Wazowski: Mike Wazowski. Ooh, Wazowski. You didn't file your paperwork last night."
"Wherever there's a fight so hungry people can eat, I'll be there."
"The stuff that dreams are made of."
"Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary."
"Every living creature on Earth dies alone."
"I'll be back."
"Be the change you wish to see in the world."
"There are crimes that one cannot commit alone, and that only benefit you if you share them."
"Hate knows no boundaries."
"I'm reliving the same day over and over again."
"Toto, I've a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore"
"You're gonna need a bigger boat"
"Life is a series of illusions, my dear."
"You is kind. You is smart. You is important."
"He remembers those vanished years. As though looking through a dusty window pane, the past is something he could see, but not touch. And everything he sees is blurred and indistinct."
"In war, nobody wins; only the living can lose."
"I guess when you're young, you just believe there'll be many people with whom you'll connect with. Later in life, you realize it only happens a few times."
"You're gonna have to trust me a whole lot more than you do.
"Sometimes, I feel like I'm being torn apart... piece by piece."
"I knew these people. These two people. They were in love with each other."
"I didn't want money. I wanted what you were giving. I wanted you."
"The castle is calling me. I have to go."
" Honestly. It's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly... stupid."
"I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. "
"Here's to the ones who dream. Foolish as they may seem."
"I'm Groot."
"I have the feeling that in its place, there was a full-length mirror, and I've stepped right through it."
"Keep your sword sharp, but keep your tongue sharper."
It's not possible for you.
"Family comes first, always."
